I'm looking up, so hurry up and take it.
It's too bright, so hurry up and take it.
What? Can I take more from my side?
Well, I took two.
Are you the next-generation old lady?
I just came from the Tohno Island.
You're so funny, so I'll buy it.
This is 7,000 yen, this is 8,000 yen. It's cheap.
Buy five.
Hey, hey, bring five next to me.
I'm looking up, so hurry up and bring it.
You're so funny, you're using it for people.
What? Are you an old man?
I'm from the Tohno Island. I'll buy it.
I'll buy it all.
I'll buy all the money.
What?
I'll buy the smallest one.
Really? Hey, the other one is sold out.
Come on, take it.
You're a big bidder.
Hey, you're a big bidder.
Come on.
I'll buy all the money, so hurry up and buy it.
Oh, hey, hey, everyone's sold out.
It's sold out. It's sold out.
You can't be so silly.
It's sold out completely.
Is that all?
I'll buy you something cheap again, so bring it.
Do you know the kanji?
There were a few of them.
So 7,000 yen is 8,000 yen of Tohno, 1 yen and 50 yen of Tohno.
There's no mistake.
I'll put it in this wallet.
This is lighter.
Hey, thank you.
I'm not saying anything.
What do you want?
Don't say anything weird.
Uncle, I'm back.
Have you already returned?
I have to sell it by the evening.
Did it sell?
How many did you sell?
Everyone's sold out.
Look, the basket is empty.
Oh, great, great.
I'm impressed.
Come on, come on.
Give me the money.
I'll buy the wallet.
Oh, 1 yen and 50 yen.
I'll buy it separately.
What about the profit?
What do you mean by profit?
I saw it.
What did you do?
What did you see?
I saw it.
If I saw it too much, my neck would hurt.
The weather is nice, so it's even hot in the back of my throat.
What?
If you said to look up, were you looking at the sky?
You idiot.
You're an idiot.
You're not an idiot.
I'm a man.
Next is the Suda-cho.
I'm not asking for the address.
I refused to sell 7,000 yen and 8,000 yen.
If you want to sell it, you should have it at home.
I'm worried about the book you're taking a nap with.
That book is easier.
What are you talking about?
8,000 yen is 10,000 yen.
7,000 yen is 9,000 yen.
This is profitable.
Don't say unnecessary things.
Don't be a coward.
Be strong.
I'm a man.
If you look up, are you looking at the sky?
You're a coward.
I'll give you 2 billion yen.
Say it again.
Next time, sell it at 10,000 yen and 9,000 yen.
Don't say unnecessary things.
You're getting old.
Go.
I'm surprised.
I'll go again.
Hey, old man.
You brought donuts again.
You can't eat so many donuts.
But it's a cheap name.
Let's buy 8,000 yen and 3,000 yen.
8,000 yen is 10,000 yen.
7,000 yen is 9,000 yen.
It's the same as yesterday.
When I went home, I was attracted to you.
8,000 yen and 1,000 yen are the original.
Don't say unnecessary things.
Look up.
I don't know that, so I looked up.
I thought I'd do something strange.
So I looked up.
You're a good young man, but you're a coward.
How old are you?
60.
I saw you when I was 20 years old.
You're 20 years old.
You can't write a poem.